README.md, before:

MC4WP: Mailchimp for WordPress
======================
[![Build Status](https://img.shields.io/travis/ibericode/mailchimp-for-wordpress/master)](https://travis-ci.org/ibericode/mailchimp-for-wordpress)
[![Active installs](https://img.shields.io/wordpress/plugin/installs/mailchimp-for-wp.svg)](https://wordpress.org/plugins/mailchimp-for-wp/)
![Downloads](https://img.shields.io/wordpress/plugin/dt/mailchimp-for-wp.svg)
[![Rating](https://img.shields.io/wordpress/plugin/r/mailchimp-for-wp.svg)](https://wordpress.org/support/plugin/mailchimp-for-wp/reviews/)
[![License: GPLv3](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-GPLv3-blue.svg)](https://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-3.0)

Here, you can browse the source of the [Mailchimp for WordPress Plugin](https://wordpress.org/plugins/mailchimp-for-wp/) project, find and discuss open issues or contribute code to the plugin yourself.

Installation
------------

Here's a [guide on how to install the plugin in your WordPress site](https://wordpress.org/plugins/mailchimp-for-wp/installation/).
If you want to run the latest development version, you have two options:

* Download the repository .zip file: [mailchimp-for-wordpress.zip](https://github.com/ibericode/mailchimp-for-wordpress/archive/master.zip)
* Clone the GitHub repository using Git: `git clone https://github.com/ibericode/mailchimp-for-wordpress.git mailchimp-for-wp`

This will download the latest development version of the Mailchimp for WordPress plugin. 
While this version is usually stable, it is not recommended for use in a production environment.

Bugs
----
If you think you've found a bug, [please open an issue here](https://github.com/ibericode/mailchimp-for-wordpress/issues?state=open)!

Translations
-------------
You can help [help translate Mailchimp for WordPress](https://translate.wordpress.org/projects/wp-plugins/mailchimp-for-wp/stable/) on WordPress.org.

Support
-------
This is a developer's portal for the Mailchimp for WordPress plugin and should not be used for support. 
Please visit the [Mailchimp for WordPress support forum on WordPress.org](https://wordpress.org/support/plugin/mailchimp-for-wp).

If you need priority support, [upgrade to Mailchimp for WordPress Premium](https://www.mc4wp.com/).

Developers
----------

Looking for code snippets? Have a look at the [Mailchimp for WordPress Code Snippets repository](https://github.com/ibericode/mc4wp-snippets) for a collection of modification examples.

We recommend going through the (documented) source code of the plugin itself to find integration or extension possibilities.

Commit message:

don't store generated assets in version control. this means downloading the ZIP from GitHub directly no longer produces a working plugin.

README.md, after:

MC4WP: Mailchimp for WordPress
======================
[![Build Status](https://img.shields.io/travis/ibericode/mailchimp-for-wordpress/master)](https://travis-ci.org/ibericode/mailchimp-for-wordpress)
[![Active installs](https://img.shields.io/wordpress/plugin/installs/mailchimp-for-wp.svg)](https://wordpress.org/plugins/mailchimp-for-wp/)
![Downloads](https://img.shields.io/wordpress/plugin/dt/mailchimp-for-wp.svg)
[![Rating](https://img.shields.io/wordpress/plugin/r/mailchimp-for-wp.svg)](https://wordpress.org/support/plugin/mailchimp-for-wp/reviews/)
[![License: GPLv3](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-GPLv3-blue.svg)](https://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-3.0)

Here, you can browse the source code of the [Mailchimp for WordPress Plugin](https://wordpress.org/plugins/mailchimp-for-wp/), find and discuss open issues or contribute code to the plugin.

Installation
------------

If you just want to install this plugin on your WordPress site, please download and install the latest version from WordPress.org: [Mailchimp for WordPress plugin on WordPress.org](https://wordpress.org/plugins/mailchimp-for-wp/).

To install the development version, take the following steps:

1. Clone the GitHub repository:

```
git clone https://github.com/ibericode/mailchimp-for-wordpress.git mailchimp-for-wp
```

2. Install NPM dependencies:

```
npm install
```

3. Install Composer dependencies:

```
composer install
```

4. Generate plugin asset files:

```
npx gulp
```

5. Activate the plugin in your WordPress admin.

Bugs
----
If you think you've found a bug, [please open an issue here](https://github.com/ibericode/mailchimp-for-wordpress/issues?state=open)!

Translations
-------------
You can help [help translate Mailchimp for WordPress](https://translate.wordpress.org/projects/wp-plugins/mailchimp-for-wp/stable/) on WordPress.org.

Support
-------
This is a developer's portal for the Mailchimp for WordPress plugin and should not be used for support.
Please visit the [Mailchimp for WordPress support forum on WordPress.org](https://wordpress.org/support/plugin/mailchimp-for-wp).

If you need priority support, [upgrade to Mailchimp for WordPress Premium](https://www.mc4wp.com/).

Developers
----------

Looking for code snippets? Have a look at the [Mailchimp for WordPress Code Snippets repository](https://github.com/ibericode/mc4wp-snippets) for a collection of modification examples.

We recommend going through the (documented) source code of the plugin itself to find integration or extension possibilities.
